ACCRINT	
Returns the accrued interest for a security that pays periodic interest.

ACCRINTM	
Returns the accrued interest for a security that pays interest at maturity.

AMORDEGRC	
Returns the depreciation for each accounting period. Similar to AMORLINC, except a depreciation coefficient is applied depending on the life of the assets.

AMORLINC	
Returns the depreciation for each accounting period.

COUPDAYBS	
Returns the number of days from the beginning of a coupon period until its settlement date.

COUPDAYS	
Returns the number of days in the coupon period that contains the settlement date.

COUPDAYSNC	
Returns the number of days from the settlement date to the next coupon date.

COUPNCD	
Returns the next coupon date after the settlement date.

COUPNUM	
Returns the number of coupons payable between the settlement date and maturity date, rounded up to the nearest whole coupon.

COUPPCD	
Returns the previous coupon date before the settlement date.

CUMIPMT	
Returns the cumulative interest paid on a loan between start_period and end_period.

CUMPRINC	
Returns the cumulative principal paid on a loan between start_period and end_period.

DB	
Returns the depreciation of an asset for a specified period using the fixed-declining balance method.

DDB	
Returns the depreciation of an asset for a specified period using the double-declining balance method or some other method you specify.

DISC	
Returns the discount rate for a security.

DOLLARDE	
Converts a dollar price expressed as an integer part and a fraction part, such as 1.02, into a dollar price expressed as a decimal number.

DOLLARFR	
Converts a dollar price expressed as an integer part and a fraction part, such as 1.02, into a dollar price expressed as a decimal number.

DURATION	
Returns the Macauley duration for an assumed par value of $100.

EFFECT	
Returns the effective annual interest rate, given the nominal annual interest rate and the number of compounding periods per year.

FV	
Calculates the future value of an investment based on a constant interest rate.

INTRATE	
Returns the interest rate for a fully invested security.

IPMT	Returns the interest payment for a given period for an investment based on periodic, constant payments and a constant interest rate.

ISPMT	Calculates the interest paid (or received) for the specified period of a loan (or investment) with even principal payments.

MDURATION	Returns the modified Macauley duration for a security with an assumed par value of $100.

NOMINAL	
Returns the nominal annual interest rate, given the effective rate and the number of compounding periods per year.

NPER	
Returns the number of periods for an investment based on periodic, constant payments and a constant interest rate.

ODDFPRICE	
Returns the price per $100 face value of a security having an odd (short or long) first period.

ODDFYIELD	
Returns the yield of a security that has an odd (short or long) first period.

ODDLPRICE	
Returns the price per $100 face value of a security having an odd (short or long) last coupon period.

ODDLYIELD	
Returns the yield of a security that has an odd (short or long) last period.

PDURATION	
Returns the number of periods required by an investment to reach a specified value.

PMT	
Calculates the payment for a loan based on constant payments and a constant interest rate.

PPMT	
Returns the payment on the principal for a given period for an investment based on periodic, constant payments and a constant interest rate.

PRICE	
Returns the price per $100 face value of a security that pays periodic interest.

PRICEDISC	
Returns the price per $100 face value of a discounted security.

PRICEMAT	
Returns the price per $100 face value of a security that pays interest at maturity.

PV	
Calculates the present value of a loan or an investment, based on a constant interest rate.

RATE	
Returns the interest rate per period of an annuity.

RECEIVED	
Returns the amount received at maturity for a fully invested security.

RRI	
Returns an equivalent interest rate for the growth of an investment.

SLN	
Returns the straight-line depreciation of an asset for one period.

SYD	
Returns the sum-of-years' digits depreciation of an asset for a specified period.

TBILLEQ	
Returns the bond-equivalent yield for a Treasury bill.

TBILLPRICE	
Returns the price per $100 face value for a Treasury bill.

TBILLYIELD	
Returns the yield for a Treasury bill.

VDB	
Returns the depreciation of an asset for any period you specify, including partial periods, using the double-declining balance method or some other method you specify.

XIRR	
Returns the internal rate of return for a schedule of cash flows that is not necessarily periodic.

XNPV	
Returns the present value for a schedule of cash flows that is not necessarily periodic.

YIELD	
Returns the yield on a security that pays periodic interest.

YIELDDISC	
Returns the annual yield for a discounted security.

YIELDMAT	
Returns the annual yield of a security that pays interest at maturity.
